- Before diving deeper into Java Enterprise Edition,
let's talk about who the course is for,
and what information you should know ahead of time.
If you want to learn the entire Java Enterprise Edition
stack, this is a great course to take end to end.
However, if you're interested in a few specific APIs,
you'll benefit a lot from completing individual chapters
in this course.
This course is extremely beneficial for Java developers
who want to gain hands on experience,
with the various APIs in Java Enterprise Edition.
The course will teach you when and how to use
popular technologies within Java EE,
so you can leverage them within a new or existing project.
Software architects will also benefit from this course
because it provides a good overview of the capabilities
present within the latest Java EE release.
So they can be applied when architecting new systems.
Also, those interested in furthering their understanding
of software development, will benefit from the content
in this course.
I should point out that all the tools we'll be using
such as Eclipse, and WildFly, work on almost
every operating system, so if you're using Linux,
Windows or a Mac, you'll be fine for moving ahead
in this course.
Each chapter of the course, focuses on a specific
Java EE API, teaching you the concepts and core skills
necessary to develop, architect, or maintain systems
leveraging that particular Java EE technology.
To get the most out of this course, you should have
a basic understanding of the Java programming language.
If you understand the basic syntax, classes,
interfaces and annotations, I can help you
become proficient in Java EE.
That is all you need to know, a little bit of Java,
and I'll be there to guide you through the rest.